take my hand  take a breath  pull me close and take one step  keep your eyes locked on mine  and let the music be your guide    won't you promise me?   now won't you promise me?    that you'll never forget   we'll keep dancing   to keep dancing   wherever we go next    it's like catching lightning  the chances of finding  someone like you  it's one in a million  the chances of feeling  the way we do    and with every step together  we just keep on getting better  so can i have this dance?   can i have this dance?   can i have this dance?    take my hand  i'll take the lead  and every turn will be safe with me  don't be afraid  afraid to fall  you know i'll catch you through it all    and you can't keep us apart   even a thousand miles can't keep us apart   'cause my heart is wherever you are    it's like catching lightening  the chances of finding  someone like you  it's one in a million  the chances of feeling  the way we do    and with every step together  we just keep on getting better  so can i have this dance?   can i have this dance?   can i have this dance?    oh  no mountain's too high and no ocean's too wide  'cause together or not  our dance won't stop  let it rain  let it pour  what we have is worth fighting for  you know i believe that we were meant to be! oh!    it's like catching lightening  the chances of finding  someone like you  it's one in a million  the chances of feeling  the way we do    and with every step together  we just keep on getting better  so can i have this dance?   can i have this dance?   can i have this dance?  can i have this dance?  can i have this dance? hmm yea  hey yea    can you imagine what would happen  if we could have any dream  i wish this moment was ours to  own it and that it would never leave    then i would thank that star  that made our wish come true  oh yea cause he  knows that where you are  is where i should be too    chorus:  right here right now  i'm looking at you and my  heart loves the view cuz  you mean everything   everything   right here  i'll promise you somehow  that tomorrow can wait  for some other day to be   to be  but right now  there's you and me    if this was forever what  could be better we already  proved it was but in 2123  hours abandon the universe  gonna make you everything  in our whole world change   it's our change  yea     and you know that where we  are will never be th same  oh no oh no    chorus:  right here right now  i'm looking at you and my  heart loves the view cuz  you mean everything    right here  i'll promise you somehow  that tomorrow can wait  for some other day to be   to be  but right now  there's you and me    oh we know it's coming  and it's coming fast   as long as there's you  and me oh yea  so lets  make this second last  make it last    chorus:  right here ohh right now  yea i'm looking at you  and my heart loves the view  cuz you mean everything    right here  i'll promise you somehow  that tomorrow can wait  for some other day to be   to be  but right now  there's you and me    right here  i promise you somehow  tomorrow can wait for  some other day to be   to be  but right now  there's you and me   you and me  ohh  you and me but right  now there's you and  meee take it back to the place where you know it all began  we could be anything we wanna be  you can tell by the noise that the boys are back again  together making history    it's time to show how to be a superhero  just like a showdown  will smith and bobby deniro  we're the best  no doubt  doing it like we used to do  this is our time and i'm telling you all!    the boys are back  the boys are back  the boys are back  gonna do it again  gonna wake up the neighborhood    the boys are back  the boys are back  climbing up the walls anytime we want  the word is out  the boys are back    the boys are back  back to save the day  the boys are back  oh yeah    keep coming with the right  win the fight every single time  undefeated here in our house  yeah  we can rock  we can shock  anytime we like  and tonight we're going all out    it's time to show how to be a superhero  just like a showdown  keep the pedal to the metal  we're the best  no doubt  doing it like we used to do  this is our time and i'm telling you all!  lookout!    the boys are back  the boys are back  the boys are back  gonna do it again  gonna wake up the neighborhood    the boys are back  the boys are back  climbing up the walls anytime we want  the word is out  the boys are back    here to change the world  to solve the mystery  fight the battle  save the girl  no one can stop us now  we're the ones that make the rules  oh!    the boys are back  oh yeah!    the boys are back  the boys are back  the boys are back  gonna do it again  gonna wake up the neighborhood    the boys are back  the boys are back  climbing up the walls anytime we want  no need to worry    'cause the boys are back  the boys are back  the boys are back  gonna do it again  and we make it look good    the boys are back  the boys are back  tearing down the walls  anytime we want  i'm sure that you know by now  the boys are back! i guess i should've known better  to believe i'm a lucky chain  oh  i lent my heart out forever  and finally learned each other's names    i tell myself  this time it's different  no goodbyes  cause eyes can't bear to see it  i'll never survive on one that's coming  if i stay  ooh no!    just walk away! oh  and don't look back  cause if my heart breaks  it's gonna hurt so bad  you know i'm strong  but i can't take that  before it's too late  oh  just walk away!     walk  walk  walk away   ooh  just walk away!   walk  walk  walk away   aye aye  aye yeah    i really wish i could blame you  but i know that it's no one's fault  no  no  no  no  a cinderella with no shoe  and a prince that doesn't know he's lost    he says that her face is so familiar  each goodbye with just the same old song  but this time i will not surrender!  'cause i'm gone  ooh  yeah!    just walk away! ooh  and don't look back  cause if my heart breaks  it's gonna hurt so bad  you know i'm strong  but i can't take that  before it's too late  oh  just walk away!     walk  walk  walk away   oh  just walk away!   walk  walk  walk away   oh  just walk away!    i've got to let it go  ooh  start protecting my heart and soul  cause i don't think i'll survive a goodbye again  not again!    just walk away! oh  and don't look back  cause if my heart breaks  it's gonna hurt so bad  you know i'm strong  but i can't take that  before it's too late  before it's too late!  oh  just walk away!     walk  walk  walk away   walk away  walk away  yeah!   walk  walk  walk away!   walk away  walk away  all right   walk away  walk  walk away   walk away  walk away   walk  walk  walk away!   walk away  walk away  oh  ooh here we go  come on  alright  little louder now  hey!    lookin' forward from center stage to graduation day  time to get the future started  what we leave  what we take with us  no matter what  it's somethin' we're part of    we learned to fly together  side by side  i just hope the rest of my life  would feel as good as my    high school musical  who says we have to let it go?  it's the best part we've ever known  step into the future  we'll hold on to    high school musical  let's celebrate where we come from  with friends who've been there all along  just like our high school  high school musical    improvisation without a script  no one's written it  and now we have the chance to  someday we'll be lookin' back  memories we'll had  all the songs that we lived through    the best of times  so why leave them behind?  why can't the rest of my life  be like my    high school musical  who says we have to let it go?  it's the best part we've ever known  step into the future  we'll hold on to    high school musical  let's celebrate where we come from  with friends who've been there all along  that's right    now we finally realize who we are  it just took some time  we have to live and to learn to see the truth   learn to see the truth   nothing's ever impossible  into the future we all free fall  but forever we'll always have high school    time to party now  celebrate  'cause the world's one big stage  and any part you want  it can be yours  everybody sing  yeah!    and the show's never gonna close  it's what it got us here  we know  high school lives on forever more  high school  high school musical    high school musical  who says we have to let it go?  it's the best part we've ever known  step into the future we'll hold on to    high school musical  let's celebrate where we come from  with friends who've been there all along  oh yeah  i wish my life could feel like a    high school musical  who says we have to let it go?  it's the best part we've ever known  step into the future  we'll hold on to    high school musical  let's celebrate where we come from    all together makes it better  memories that'll last forever  i want the rest of my life to feel just like a  high school musical 'remember the time'  i've heard those words before but now they're mine  every memory  all the sweet times shine  is living here in my heart and mind  oh    every laugh  we shared together  yeah we still give back  can you believe all the fun we've had?  just gettin' ready for the other half    you know a friend becomes a part of you  like this dream that's finally comin' true  comin' true!    it's all good  all right  'see ya later' doesn't mean 'goodbye'  'cause it ain't over just time to fly  and we're just gettin' started  oh    let's celebrate  life is comin'  yeah and i can't wait  it's a ride that we all get to take  we're gonna help each other find our way  oh    every friend is now a part of me  together we're just like a family  just breakin' free!    it's all good  all right  'see ya later' doesn't mean 'goodbye'  it ain't over just time to fly  and we're just gettin' started  just gettin' started!    it's all good  all right  our world is changin' that ain't no surprise  but that can't stop us just let it try  'cause we're just gettin' started    who knows what we'll find  it's the great unknown  the steppin' stone  wherever we're goin' i know  we're gonna get there from here  hey yeah  hoo!    it's all good  all right  'see ya later' doesn't mean 'goodbye'  'cause it ain't over just time to fly  and we're just gettin' started  just gettin' started    it's all good  all right  our world is changin' that ain't no surprise  that can't stop us just let it try  let it try  let it try  'cause we're just gettin' started    it's all good  all right  'see ya later' doesn't mean 'goodbye' the day the door is closed  the echoes fill your soul  they won't say which way to go  just trust your heart    to find what you're here for  open another door  but i'm not sure anymore  it's just so hard    the voices in my head  tell me they know best  got me on the edge  they're pushin'  pushin'  they're pushin'    i know they've got a plan  but the ball's in my hands  this time it's man-to-man  i'm droppin'  fightin' inside the    whole world's upside down  it's spinning faster  what do i do now without ya?    i don't know where to go  what's the right team?  i want my own thing  so bad i'm gonna scream    i can't choose  so confused  what's it all mean?  i want my own dream  so bad i'm gonna scream    i'm kickin' down the walls  i gotta make 'em fall  just break through them all  i'm pushin'  crashin'  i'm gonna fight to find myself  me and no one else  which way i get down  searchin'  searchin'  can't find a    road that i should take  i should  tomorrow left us  it's like nothing works without you    i don't know where to go  what's the right team?  i want my own thing  so bad i'm gonna scream    i can't choose  so confused  what's it all mean?  i want my own dream  so bad i'm gonna scream    yeah  the clock's running down  hear the crowd gettin' loud  i'm consumed by the sound  is it hurt? is it love?  can the music ever be enough?  gotta work it out  work it out  you can do it  you can do it    i don't know where to go  what's the right team?  i want my own thing  so bad i'm gonna scream    i can't choose  so confused  what's it all mean?  i want my own dream  so bad i'm gonna scream    i don't know where to go  what's the right team?  i want my own thing  i want my own thing    i can't choose  so confused  what's it all mean?  i want my own dream  so bad i'm gonna scream  oh  ahh! it's our last chance to share the stage  before we go our separate ways  high school wasn't meant to last forever  it's our last chance for us to shine  to bring you music one more time    so come on  come on  come on   come on  come on  come on   come on  come on  come on    w i l d  wildcats  you know we are  w i l d  wildcats  come on  come on  east high boys  let's make some noise  oh yeah  w i l d  wildcats  now's the time    this is the last time to get it right  this is the last chance to make it our night  we gotta show what we're all about  team  work together    this is the last chance to make our mark  history will know who we are  this is the last time to make it count  it's now or never  yeah    i want it all  i want it  want it  want it  the fame and the fortune and more  i want it all  i want it  want it  want it  i gotta have my star on the door    i want the world  nothing less  all the glam and the press  only giving me the best reviews  i want it all  want it all  want it all  want it all  want it all  kick it girls    i want it all  want it all  want it all  want it all  want it all  we want it  my band  thank you  east high  you're amazing  good night    ooh  yeah  ooh  yeah  i gotta lot of things i have to do  all these distractions  our future's coming soon  we're being pulled a hundred different directions  but whatever happens  i know i've got you    you're on my mind  you're in my heart  it doesn't matter where we are  we'll be alright  even if we're miles apart  even if we're miles apart  even if we're miles and miles and miles apart    all  i wanna do is be with you  be with you  there's nothing we can't do  eww  i just wanna be with you  only you  and no matter where life takes us  nothing can break us apart    a-a-achoo  i just wanna be with  eww  you  you know how life can be  it changes overnight  it's sunny then raining  but it's alright  a friend like you always makes it easy  i know that you get me    every time  through every up  through every down  you know i'll always be around  through anything  you can count on me    all i wanna do  is be with you  be with you  there's nothing we can do  i just wanna be with you  only you  no matter where life takes us  nothing can break us apart  you know it's true    i just wanna be with you  you  i just wanna be with you  the sun will always shine  that's how you made me feel  we're gonna be alright  'cause what we have is real  and will always be together    all i wanna do  is be with you  be with you  there's nothing we can do  i just wanna be with you  only you  no matter where life takes us  nothing can break us apart  you know it's true  i just wanna be with you  all i wanna do!    all that i wanna do is be with you  all that i wanna do is be with you  all that i wanna do  i just wanna be with you  all that i wanna do  i just wanna be with you    who's that girl? she's so fine  who's that girl? i don't recognize  who's that girl? she looks so good  yeah  guess we've never really noticed  but we've probably should    big fun on the night of nights  the night of nights  tonight  let's dance on the night of nights  you know we're gonna do it right  it's gonna be our night    you know it  to remember for all time  surprise  big fun  it's gonna be the night  the best  to last forever  the rest of our lives  we'll never  ever  ever forget    it's gonna be my night  oh yeah  all together  say it loud  come on now  everyone  that's right!  it's gonna be a night  you can bet to remember  hear the crowd    and never  ever  ever  never  ever  ever  never  ever  never  ever  ever forget! [verse 1]  together  together  together everyone  together  together  come on let's have some fun  together  were there for each other every time  together  together come on lets do this right    troy:  here and now it's time for celebration  to finally figure it out  that all our dreams have no limitations  that's what it's all about    gabi:  everyone is special in their own way  we make each other strong  were not the same  were different in a good way  together's where we belong    all:  we're all in this together  once we know  that we are  we're all stars  and we see that  we're all in this together  and it shows  when we stand  hand in hand  make our dreams come true    together  together  together everyone  together  together  come on lets have some fun  together  were there for each other every time  together together come on lets do this right    ryan:  we're all here  and speaking out in one voice  were going to rock the house  the party's on now everybody make some noise  come on scream and shout    sharpay:  we've arrived because we stuck together  champions one and all    all:  we're all in this together  once we know  that we are  we're all stars  and we see that  we're all in this together  and it shows  when we stand  hand in hand  make our dreams come    we're all in this together  when we reach  we can fly  go in sight  we can make it  we're all in this together  once we see  there's a chance  that we have  and we take it    wild cats sing along  you know really got it going on  wild cats in the house  everybody say it now  wild cats everywhere  wave your hands up in the air  that's the way we do it  let's get to it  time to show the world    we're all in this together  once we know  that we are  we're all stars  and we see that  we're all in this together  and it shows  when we stand  hand in hand  make our dreams come    we're all in this together  when we reach  we can fly  go in sight  we can make it  we're all in this together  once we see  there's a chance  that we have  and we take it    wild cats everywhere  wave your hands up in the air  that's the way we do it  let's get to it  come on everyone